[Music]
[Applause]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 period film the favorite
so let's get started we will do our best
to make sure we do summaries for all the
2019 Oscar Best Picture nominees before
the awards check out the playlist above
for more nominee summaries the film
opens in 1708 with Britain at war with
France Queen Anne is on the throne but
in between being sick and bored she
isn't interested in ruling her advisor
and secret lover Sarah Churchill runs
the nation
Sarah is met with opposition in
Parliament from Robert Harley who is
against the doubling of property taxes
that Sarah is proposing meanwhile
Abigail Hill the poor cousin of Sarah
arrives looking for a job
Abigail's father gambled away their
money and status and lost his daughter
to a German man abigail starts out
working as a maid but works her way up
into the Queen's favour becoming the
lady of the bedchamber by helping her
with her various ailments this all makes
Sarah jealous
Harley approaches Abigail hoping to use
her to spy on Sarah and the Queen
Abigail finds out about Sarah and the
Queen's secret lesbian relationship
Abigail decides to seduce the Queen
herself while Sarah is distracted with
the war
Sarah discovers Abigail's intentions and
tries to have her sent away Abigail
drugged Sarah causing her to fall from
her horse and be missing for several
days the Queen believes Sarah has
abandoned her and while continuing her
relationship with the Queen Abigail is
allowed to marry Baron Samuel Michele
making Abigail a Baroness and Noble once
again Sarah returns injured and gives
the Queen an ultimatum to send Abigail
away or she will reveal letters of their
sexual past Sarah destroys the letters
later out of guilt but still is stripped
of her powers and sent away Abigail
claimed that Sarah was embezzling money
and Sarah and her husband are exiled the
Queen realizes what has happened
the Abigail was only doing what she did
to gain nobility and that the Queen's
relationship with Sarah was ruined by
Abigail the Queen shows her dominance
over Abigail by making her massage her
leg as the film ends so that was a
spoilers for the favorite
if you have a film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movies spoiler alerts on
social media and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching